hello everyone today i would like to
tell how to make drown in the game
the king and so we go we go we take off the police
5000 rubles go buy a passport
buy a passport
so in order to do it not to you
you need this seals here this
code makes yellow books this finem this
green this red and blue
to make choose any code what
you want to make yourself a nickname for example i
I just want to make myself a green nick here
here is the code we write here the name
or
and
yes and
just 0 more
and here's the closing and the last name you should
enter your nickname
enter in Russian because
in English it will not work and so
I will write
here
I don't feel like that
that's all and check get a passport
look at me green here
see and so thank you all subscribe
On the channel put the likes to all for now